 
<sect1 id="welcome-to-kubuntu">
  <title>Welcome to <emphasis>Kubuntu</emphasis></title>
  <para>
    <emphasis>Kubuntu</emphasis> is a user-friendly Linux-based
    operating system that use the <emphasis>KDE</emphasis>
    <emphasis>Plasma Desktop</emphasis>. With a predictable six-month
    release cycle as part of the <emphasis>Ubuntu</emphasis> project,
    <emphasis>Kubuntu</emphasis> is the Linux distribution for everyone.
  </para>
  <para>
    <emphasis>Kubuntu</emphasis> includes more than 1,000 default
    packages (applications or utilities) and has access to more than
    64,000 other packages to suit your needs.
    <emphasis>Kubuntu</emphasis> is based on the Linux kernel and
    includes the core <emphasis>Ubuntu</emphasis> applications as well
    as <emphasis>KDE</emphasis> software. <emphasis>Kubuntu</emphasis>'s
    core applications include software for the most common needs, like:
  </para>
  <itemizedlist spacing="compact">
    <listitem>
      <para>
        Browsing the web.
      </para>
    </listitem>
    <listitem>
      <para>
        Personal Information Manager which includes email.
      </para>
    </listitem>
    <listitem>
      <para>
        Office applications
      </para>
    </listitem>
    <listitem>
      <para>
        Playing multimedia files.
      </para>
    </listitem>
    <listitem>
      <para>
        Plus much more!
      </para>
    </listitem>
  </itemizedlist>
  <sect2 id="the-kubuntu-philosophy">
    <title>The <emphasis>Kubuntu</emphasis> Philosophy</title>
    <itemizedlist spacing="compact">
      <listitem>
        <para>
          <emphasis>Kubuntu</emphasis> will always use the solid base of
          the <emphasis>Ubuntu</emphasis> project, plus the latest from
          the <emphasis>KDE</emphasis> project. As part of the Ubuntu
          project and community, <emphasis>Kubuntu</emphasis> will
          continue to use the infrastructure and support that the
          <emphasis>Ubuntu</emphasis> project offers. We will strive to
          be the best <emphasis>KDE</emphasis> based Linux distribution
          available.
        </para>
      </listitem>
      <listitem>
        <para>
          <emphasis>Kubuntu</emphasis> will always be free of charge.
          There is no extra fee for an enterprise edition; we make our
          best work available to everyone on the same free terms.
        </para>
      </listitem>
      <listitem>
        <para>
          <emphasis>Kubuntu</emphasis> will always include the best
          translations and accessibility infrastructure that the free
          software community has to offer, to make
          <emphasis>Kubuntu</emphasis> usable by as many people as
          possible.
        </para>
      </listitem>
      <listitem>
        <para>
          <emphasis>Kubuntu</emphasis> will always be committed to the
          principles of free software and open source development; we
          shall encourage people to use free and open source software,
          improve it, and pass it on.
        </para>
      </listitem>
    </itemizedlist>
  </sect2>
  <sect2 id="what-is-linux">
    <title>What is Linux?</title>
    <para>
      Linux is an operating system kernel that resembles the Unix
      operating system. The kernel is the main software required for any
      operating system, providing a communication bridge between
      hardware and software. Linux has become a leading element of the
      worldwide movement to embrace free and open source software. The
      term &quot;GNU/Linux&quot; is a way of referring to operating
      systems based on the Linux kernel combined with parts from the ..
      _GNU Project:
      <ulink url="http://www.gnu.org">http://www.gnu.org</ulink>.
    </para>
  </sect2>
  <sect2 id="what-is-kde">
    <title>What is <emphasis>KDE</emphasis>?</title>
    <para>
      <emphasis>KDE</emphasis> is an international technology community
      that creates and supports free software for desktop and portable
      computing. Among <emphasis>KDE</emphasis>'s products are a modern
      desktop system for Linux and Unix platforms, comprehensive office
      productivity and groupware suites, as well as hundreds of software
      applications in various categories including internet and web
      applications, multimedia, entertainment, education, graphics, and
      software development. <emphasis>KDE</emphasis> software is
      translated into more than 65 languages and is built for ease of
      use with modern accessibility principles in mind.
      <emphasis>KDE</emphasis>'s full-featured applications run natively
      on Linux, BSD, Solaris, Windows, and Mac OS X. The
      <emphasis>KDE</emphasis> Workspace is the default desktop for
      <emphasis>Kubuntu</emphasis>.
    </para>
  </sect2>
  <sect2 id="thank-you">
    <title>Thank You!</title>
    <para>
      The entire <emphasis>Kubuntu</emphasis> team thanks you for
      choosing <emphasis>Kubuntu!</emphasis>
    </para>
    <variablelist>
      <varlistentry>
        <term>
          Authors
        </term>
        <listitem>
          <para>
            Kubuntu Docs Team
          </para>
        </listitem>
      </varlistentry>
      <varlistentry>
        <term>
          Version
        </term>
        <listitem>
          <para>
            0.1 of 5/1/2015
          </para>
        </listitem>
      </varlistentry>
    </variablelist>
  </sect2>
</sect1>
